Kyle R. Wenholz
===============

1220 North 45th Street Apt 201
Seattle, WA 98103
kyle@krwenholz.com
(406)546-9210

Work Experience
---------------

*   **Amazon.com**, Seattle, WA

    Software Development Engineer II Warehouse Deals, March 2015 - Present

    Software Development Engineer Warehouse Deals, May 2013 - February 2015
    - Worked with other senior engineers to design, specify, and build a 
    a new software platform for our billion dollar reverse logistics 
    business on AWS technologies.
    - Automated manual processes for communicating financial and inventory
    updates to vendors with asynchronous and event-driven workflows: saving
    over 200 man hours per week worldwide. Additionally, the business was 
    able to see inventory changes in near real-time rather than weeks or
    months later.
    - Led several engineers in localizing fulfillment center software: building
    translation checking, verification, and business-facing management tools.
    These tools enabled real-time translation changes of fulfillment center
    software, compared to previous wait times of weeks for changes to take 
    affect, and reduced weekly error rates by 50%.
    - Extended tax and accounting software to support operations in Spain,
    Canada, and China. Worked with multiple teams on short deadlines, 
    coordinating developer, accountant, and project manager efforts to 
    gather requirements, build new components, and verify changes.
    - Enabled continuous deployment of systems through unit and integration
    tests with tools like Mockito and JUnit; provided technical talks for
    teams; and developed new solutions to automated UI testing, deployment 
    configuration, and monitoring.
    - Reviewed code, designs, and roadmaps for projects across multiple teams.

*   **CentsLess LLC**, Tacoma, WA

    Lead Engineer, May 2012 - January 2013
    - Worked on user interface and server side of Lendingshack.com, a site for
    peer to peer sharing.
    - Administrated development related accounts, services, and technology
    choices.

*   **Mathematics and Computer Science Department**, University of Puget Sound

    Research Assistant, May 2011 - December 2011
    - Prototyped software for tracking student coding behavior.
    - Designed an instructor interface for real-time, in class, data
    visualization.
    - Investigated novice programmer reactions to compile-time delays.

Education
---------

*   University of Puget Sound, Tacoma, WA

    - Bachelor of Science, May 2013
    - Mathematics, Computer Science
    - Magna Cum Laude
    - Coolidge Otis Chapman Honors Scholar
    - Member of Phi Beta Kappa and Upsilon Pi Epsilon

Skills
------

*   Languages: Java, Python, SQL, HTML
*   Software: Amazon Web Services, LaTeX, Git, Unix, Spring
